[MUSIC]
Okay, we're gonna wrap up
the section Laser Defender now.
I really wanna be putting more stuff
into the game and more functionality and
more features.
There's so many things that we can do but
I think that we've got the core of it.
We've got a really great cool
gameplay that you can take in so
many different directions now.
There's so many design leaders to pull
in terms of the type of the enemy and
the speed of the enemy and
the projectiles.
They're shooting the paths that they
go on, how many enemies are coming out,
how much health the player has?
How fast the player shoots, or how big
the players bullets are, there's so
many things that you can do.
You can have you when you shoot an enemy
it explodes at a whole bunch of little
things that you need to pick up.
Or you could have that instantiate a whole
bunch of other little mini enemies that
fly around.
That maybe just go [SOUND] and
dart straight down on
the screen towards the player.
So lots and lots of things you can do.
I want you to really let your
creativity get invested in these game.
Really think about it and you know what if
you are really into programming then save
yourself some extra challenge.
How can I make these features to make
this game even better that it is.
If you're really into the design side
of things then think about in terms of
the player experience.
How do you build it so that the waves are
coming in and complimenting each other and
making it a really good challenge for
the player.
Keeping the player on their toes,
keeping them interested and excited,
maybe have a wave that's wave 20 words.
A big boss just slowly
comes across the screen and
just bombs out a whole bunch
of bombs to the player.
So there's a lot you can do if you
wanna flex your design muscles.
If you're more into
the artistic side of it,
then we introduce particle
effects in this section.
And you can really go to town in
creating beautiful particle effects, and
explosions, and smoke, and dust, and
all those kind of really cool things.
So, really think about it
from that point of view.
What you've been excited about in
this section of the course, and
what you'd like to put
a little bit more time into.
And I really wanna acknowledge you for
all of your hard work,
it's no mean feat getting to
this point in a big course.
And that means you're
really paying attention,
you're committed to what you're up to,
you're committed to learning.
So great work, really well done for
all of the hard work that you've put in.
So as always, thank you for any of the
participation you've had in the community
site whether it's asking a question,
or giving an answer, or
sharing what it is you're up to.
This is what makes our community so
wonderful is the fact that people
are willing to share and help and
give encouragement to others.
So thank you very much for
being part of our community,
well done in completing Laser Defender.
And good luck in the next part of
the course, which is gonna be Busch Garden